DEVX-1942: Create first producer application (#491)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/kafka-producer-application/kafka/markup/dev/make-dev-file.adoc

Then create a development file at `configuration/dev.properties`:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/kafka-producer-application/kafka/code/configuration/dev.properties %}</code></pre>
+++++

Let's do a quick walkthrough of some of the properties.

`key.serializer` - The serializer the `KafkaProducer` will use to serialize the key.

> `value.serializer` - The serializer the `KafkaProducer` will use to serialize the value.

Author: Good catch, it's supposed to, I'm not sure why it's rendering that way.

> `acks` - The `KafkaProducer` uses the `acks` configuration to tell the lead broker how many acknowledements to wait for to consider a produce request complete. Acceptable settings are `0`, `1`, or `all`.

Author: >all the producer configuration parameters

Do you mean those listed or all available configuration parameters? 

I think going through all configs would be too much here, probably better to provide a link.  The reason why I only covered `acks` is that one IMHO is the most important one to consider for the data durability and throughput trade-off.  The `delivery.timeout` is essential as well, so I'll update to add that one.

WDYT?

> `acks` - The `KafkaProducer` uses the `acks` configuration to tell the lead broker how many acknowledements to wait for to consider a produce request complete. Acceptable settings are `0`, `1`, or `all`.

Reviewer: Overall it's a balance -- share the most useful ones without overwhelming the user with all options.  Basically I just wanted to check how intentional it was that the KT shows just `acks` and the serializers.  

FYC whichever you decide to include, perhaps link to another resource to explore the other parameters.

> `acks` - The `KafkaProducer` uses the `acks` configuration to tell the lead broker how many acknowledements to wait for to consider a produce request complete. Acceptable settings are `0`, `1`, or `all`.

Author: Sounds good.  I updated it to include links to the config parameters discussed.  I also added a link for the full producer docs.

Then create a development file at `configuration/dev.properties`:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/kafka-producer-application/kafka/code/configuration/dev.properties %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Let's do a quick walkthrough of some of the properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's do a quick walkthrough of some of the producer properties.
```

https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#key.serializer[key.serializer] - The serializer the `KafkaProducer` will use to serialize the key.

https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#value.serializer[value.serializer] - The serializer the `KafkaProducer` will use to serialize the value.

> https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#acks[acks] - The `KafkaProducer` uses the `acks` configuration to tell the lead broker how many acknowledements to wait for to consider a produce request complete. Acceptable settings are `0`, `1`, `-1`, or all`.  Setting `acks` to `-1` is the same as setting it to `all`.  The default setting is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#acks[acks] - The `KafkaProducer` uses the `acks` configuration to tell the lead broker how many acknowledements to wait for to consider a produce request complete. Acceptable values for `acks` are: `0`, `1` (the default), `-1`, or `all`.  Setting `acks` to `-1` is the same as setting it to `all`.
```

> - Setting `acks` to `0` could be considered "fire and forget" as once the producer sends the record batch it is considered succesful even though the records may not reach the broker at all. So record loss is possible.  The offsets for records are always set to `-1`.

Reviewer: Overall the description of the various `acks` settings seems overly verbose and potentially too much to throw at a new user.  FYC make a pruned down version and link to the docs for more information.  A pruned down version could look something like this (just as an example):

```
- `acks=0`: "fire and forget", once the producer sends the record batch it is considered successful
- `acks=1`: leader broker added the records to its local log but didn't wait for any acknowledgement from the followers
- `acks=all`: highest data durability guarantee, the leader broker persisted the record to its log and received acknowledgement of replication from all in-sync replicas
```

Author: ack

- `acks=1`: leader broker added the records to its local log but didn't wait for any acknowledgement from the followers
- `acks=all`: highest data durability guarantee, the leader broker persisted the record to its log and received acknowledgement of replication from all in-sync replicas When using `aks=all`, it's stongly reccomended to update https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#min.insync.replicas[min.insync.replicas] as well.

> I've only covered a small sub-set of producer confgurations, the full list can be found in the https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#producerconfigs[producer configs section] in the Apache Kafka documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is only a small sub-set of producer configuration parameters. The full list of producer configuration parameters can be found in the https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#producerconfigs[Apache Kafka documentation].
```
